how about you welcome to mike
see but my name is add and in this
occasion we are going to solve a problem
together that at the moment we
we installed mavericks from scratch we have
certain problems not everything was good
the problem is the following when
we want to activate search for my mac
I get a legend that says that
we require a partition of
recovery for some reason at the moment
to erase from scratch does not give you that
option to load the partition
recovery although usually or what
ideal or the logical thing would be to activate this
option
ok I'm uploading this tutorial because
it happened to me and I was looking at several
blogs in this case also the atmosphere
dirt or the same but good the
momentary solution is no longer
working if this the solution to this
problem to be able to activate my mac this
It is inside our own
operating system normally when a
application or operating system is already
installed you specific here that is already
installed in this case for some reason
if we can download it again and that
is what we should do download a
once the 5.2 gigas were downloaded
again or if you still have the
we will only execute it
and the moment we execute it remember
that the next accept already the the
llanada is going to restart the computer it
will update and once it finishes
update should appear the partition of
Recovery
already at that moment we can
activate search my mac and after that
let's activate this I recommend you
make use of clean my mac 2
this is to erase things
unnecessary that an update or that
the same operating system generates you at
time to install
after that I recommend that we
direct to disk utility
we select macintosh hd and we give it
repair permit this is not part of the
solution but if it will help us a lot
maintain the experience of use that gives you
a installation from scratch good I hope
that this information has been useful
I remind you my name is add
this is mauer pro